Add callout for auto-upgrade retention on studio experiments (#1854)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/observability-studio.mdx

  - An application deployed on [LangSmith](/langsmith/deployments).
  - A locally running application started via the [langgraph-cli](/langsmith/local-server).

<Note>
Studio experiments follow the same [data retention](/langsmith/administration-overview#data-retention) rules as other experiments. By default, traces have base tier retention (14 days). However, traces will automatically upgrade to extended tier retention (400 days) if feedback is added to them. Feedback can be added one of two ways: 

> - The [dataset has evaluators configured](/langsmith/bind-evaluator-to-dataset) 

Author: ```suggestion
- The [dataset has evaluators configured](/langsmith/bind-evaluator-to-dataset).
```

> - [Feedback](/langsmith/observability-concepts#feedback) is added to any run in the experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Feedback](/langsmith/observability-concepts#feedback) is manually added to a trace.
```
